README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/698xlahbaqz/Logos-03_vdyCkQ9Bw.png?ik-sdk-version=javascript-1.4.3&updatedAt=1657315716722" alt="Logo da adopet" width="50%" />
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="http://adopet-lovat.vercel.app/">Access the preview</a>
</h3>

## :clipboard: About

*Psst: tem em [português](/README-pt.md) também!* :raising_hand_man:

This project is being developed during the fourth *Alura's Front-end Challenge*. The main goal is to build a pet adoption website within four weeks, based on a [Figma model](https://www.figma.com/file/TlfkDoIu8uyjZNla1T8TpH/Challenge---Adopet).

- **Challenges**
  - [X] First week
    - [X] Build the pages following the mobile first approach
  - [X] Second week
    - [X] Adjust pages for larger screens
  - [ ] Third week
    - [ ] ...
  - [ ] Fourth week
    - [ ] ...

### :computer: Technologies

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/)

### :dart: My goals

- [ ] Create a page to view all sent/received messages
- [ ] Make the site fully keyboard navigable
- [X] Use GraphQL
- [ ] Authentication

<details>
  <summary>Animations</summary>

  - [ ] Pet cards
  - [X] Pet name input in contact page
  - [ ] Header icons
    - [X] Links popover
    - [ ] User icon menu
  - [ ] Lottie
    - [X] Toggle password visualization button
</details>

## :running: How to run locally

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone 

# Enter the directory
cd adopet

# Install the dependencies
pnpm i

# Run
pnpm dev
```

Commit message:

📝 docs: describe third and fourth weeks and add framer motion and lottie

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/698xlahbaqz/Logos-03_vdyCkQ9Bw.png?ik-sdk-version=javascript-1.4.3&updatedAt=1657315716722" alt="Logo da adopet" width="50%" />
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="http://adopet-lovat.vercel.app/">Access the preview</a>
</h3>

## :clipboard: About

*Psst: tem em [português](/README-pt.md) também!* :raising_hand_man:

This project is being developed during the fourth *Alura's Front-end Challenge*. The main goal is to build a pet adoption website within four weeks, based on a [Figma model](https://www.figma.com/file/TlfkDoIu8uyjZNla1T8TpH/Challenge---Adopet).

- **Challenges**
  - [X] First week
    - [X] Build the pages following the mobile first approach
  - [X] Second week
    - [X] Adjust pages for larger screens
  - [ ] Third and fourth weeks
    - [ ] Add dynamic pages and authentication

### :computer: Technologies

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/)
- [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- [Lottie](https://airbnb.io/lottie/)

### :dart: My goals

- [ ] Create a page to view all sent/received messages
- [ ] Make the site fully keyboard navigable
- [X] Use GraphQL
- [ ] Authentication

<details>
  <summary>Animations</summary>

  - [ ] Pet cards
  - [X] Pet name input in contact page
  - [ ] Header icons
    - [X] Links popover
    - [ ] User icon menu
  - [ ] Lottie
    - [X] Toggle password visualization button
</details>

## :running: How to run locally

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone 

# Enter the directory
cd adopet

# Install the dependencies
pnpm i

# Run
pnpm dev
```
